docs: Clarify project status and add ScrapeConfig (#5561)
prometheus-operator/prometheus-operator: README.md

[![Go Report Card](https://goreportcard.com/badge/prometheus-operator/prometheus-operator "Go Report Card")](https://goreportcard.com/report/prometheus-operator/prometheus-operator)
[![Slack](https://img.shields.io/badge/join%20slack-%23prometheus--operator-brightgreen.svg)](http://slack.k8s.io/)

> ## Project Status

Author: This is currently top level, I would probably put it under the Overview, let me know what you think.

Reviewer: I'm fine with moving it! If by chance we notice that users are not finding this info we can always move it back here

Author: moved it 👍

[![Go Report Card](https://goreportcard.com/badge/prometheus-operator/prometheus-operator "Go Report Card")](https://goreportcard.com/report/prometheus-operator/prometheus-operator)
[![Slack](https://img.shields.io/badge/join%20slack-%23prometheus--operator-brightgreen.svg)](http://slack.k8s.io/)

> *Note: Project was previously known as coreos/prometheus-operator.*

Reviewer 2: Is that necessary? 🤔 It has been quite a few years since this changed, I believe that people are used to it now

Author: I don't think so, I left it as it was there but I'm happy to remove it 😅

Author: Removed in 9b5018cff

## Project Status

The operator in itself is considered to be production ready. Please refer to the CRDs versions for the status of each CRD:

> * `monitoring.coreos.com/vX`: **stable** CRDs and API, changes are made in a backward compatible way
> * `monitoring.coreos.com/vXbetaY`: **unstable** CRDs and API, changes can happen
> * `monitoring.coreos.com/vXalphaY`: **unstable** CRDs and API, changes can happen frequently

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `monitoring.coreos.com/v1`: **stable** CRDs and API, changes are made in a backward compatible way
* `monitoring.coreos.com/v1beta1`: **unstable** CRDs and API, changes can happen
* `monitoring.coreos.com/v1alpha1`: **unstable** CRDs and API, changes can happen frequently
```

I believe we don't have several API to justify the need to abstract their numbers 😅

Author: 9b5018cff

> * `monitoring.coreos.com/vX`: **stable** CRDs and API, changes are made in a backward compatible way
> * `monitoring.coreos.com/vXbetaY`: **unstable** CRDs and API, changes can happen
> * `monitoring.coreos.com/vXalphaY`: **unstable** CRDs and API, changes can happen frequently

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `monitoring.coreos.com/vX`: **stable** CRDs and API, changes are made in a backward-compatible way.
* `monitoring.coreos.com/vXbetaY`: **unstable** CRDs and API, breaking changes can happen but the team is focused on avoiding them. We encourage usage in production.
* `monitoring.coreos.com/vXalphaY`: **unstable** CRDs and API, breaking changes can happen frequently and we suggest avoiding its usage on mission-critical environments.
```

What do you think about mentioning if we encourage/discourage production usage?

Author: Done in 9b5018cff, slightly changed the wording on beta
